=head1 How files are tagged

=head2 `Files` table

One row for each file indexed by hooYa

=over

=item Id

This is an MD5 hash of the file; this is a fast way to organize files.
Typically, a user supplies the MD5 hash of the file s/he wants and hooYa
looks up that hash and serves w/e content is asked for.

=item Path

Path where the indexed file can be accessed

=item Size

Filesize in bytes

=item Class

Type of media. Supported values are I<anime>, I<single_image>, and I<video> but
adding a new class only involves writing the code to render it.

=item Mimetype

Content type determined by your OS's magic.mime file

=back

=head2 `TagMap` Table

One row for each file's tag

=over

=item FileId

MD5 hash of the file that this tag describes. This can describe at
most one (1) entry in L<`Files`|"`Files` Table">

=item Added

Date that the tag was added. Not used for anything but cute to have

=item TagId

Selects which Namespace -> Member pair this tag describes. This can describe
at most one (1) entry in L<`Tags`|"`Tags` Table">.

=back

=head2 `Tags` Table

One row for each Namespace -> Member pair. These are pairs like
I<series> -> I<puella_magi_madoka_magica>

=over

=item Id

Primary Key for each pair

=item Space

Describes a namespace, such as I<series>, I<character>, or some other similar
category. These spaces are B<not static>, so feel free to add as many spaces
as you want!

=item Member

Describes a member in a namespace, such as I<puella_magi_madoka_magica> or
I<kaname_madoka>

=back