=head1 hooYa!

hooYa! is a community-driven file tagger with support for lots of media
types. Users contribute tag associations, which describe each file. Users
can also contribute a number of files each day

You can check out the Scrin mothership of hooYa! at
L<https://bm.howler.space/hub/hooYa>

=head2 Dependencies

=over 12

=item An HTTP Server

hooYa! has been tested with lighttp and Apache, but any web server
with PHP and xsendfile support will work

=item PHP

Make sure your webserver can interpret and serve PHP files

=item mod_xsendfile

mod_xsendfile enables the sending of large files easily. You can grab an
apache module L<here|https://tn123.org/mod_xsendfile/>, but several
implementations of this module exist for numerous other web servers

=item MySQL (MariaDB)

Storing tags and metadata about indexed files

=item Appropriate MySQL Module for PHP5

For apache, this is C<php5-mysql>

=item B<bm-common>

Common stylesheets and authentication

=item Imagemagick

Generating image thumbnails

=item ffmpegthumbnailer

Generating video thumbnails

=item Perl

You likely already have Perl5 installed, but in case you do not it is easily
available for many operating systems

=over 12

=item DBI

Perl5 database interface module. It is used for any perl scripts
that run on the site, like the installation tools or the 'daily dump' for
hooYa.
This can be installed from CPAN by running C<cpan -i DBI> as root, or
per-user if you lack those permissions or want a simply local install

=item DBD::mysql

Perl5 module for interfacing with MySQL tables through DBI.
Easily installed from CPAN by running C<cpan -i DBD::mysql> as root, or
per-user if you lack those permissions or want a simply local install

=item Digest::MD5::File

Perl5 module for calculating MD5 hashes of a file

=back

=back

=head2 Installation

Follow the set up instructions for bm-common; this project provides the
common stylsheets and authentication for the website

Once you've installed bm-common correctly, install hooYa! by
running C<git clone https://howler.space/git/bigmike-hooYa.git>

Then, C<cp includes/config.template.php includes/config.php> and edit the
configuration file to your taste

Lastly, run C<bin/install> to create the hooYa! SQL structure

=head2 Features

=over 12

=item File Tagging

Associative namespaces like series > yuyushiki
Tags are handled by MySQL

=item Per-deployment Configuration

Per-deployment settings are defined in includes/config.php

=item Thumbnailing

Dynamic generation of thumbnails; cached

=item Tag Aliases

Instead of typing puella magi madoka magica every time, I can
just type pmmm. How easy!

=item Extensible Media Classes

Some example classes are included, but it is trivial to index
other media (PDFs, presentations etc.)

=back

=head2 License

Modified BSD License (see C<docs/LICENSE>)

=head2 Contact

Bother me on IRC in #bigtown on C<howler.space:6667> or by mail at
<yumi@howler.space>
